Update User Guide to fit new Commands (#80)
AY2223S1-CS2103-F14-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* [Quick Start](#quick-start)
* [Features](#features)

>     * [Viewing help: `help`](#viewing-help-help)

Reviewer: Maybe `Getting help` will be clearer?

5. Type the command into the command box and press Enter to execute it. e.g. typing **`list`** and pressing Enter will display the applications currently in **CinternS**.<br>
   Some example commands you can try:
    * **`help`**: Shows a message explaining the way to access help page.
   
    * **`list`** : Displays internship application.

    * **`add`**`c/Google ct/11111111 d/2022-01-01 e/google@example.com p/Software Engineer` : Adds an internship application on `2022-01-01` to `Google` with contact number `11111111` and email `google@example.com` for the role of `Software Engineer` to **CinternS**.

    * **`delete`**`2` : Deletes the 2nd application shown in the current list.
   

>     * **`find`**`google` : Finds the applications that contain keyword **google** in their company name and position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **`find`**`google` : Finds the applications that contain keyword **google** in their company name and/or position.
```

>     * **`edit`**`1 e/hr@internship.sg`: Edits the 1st application shown in the current list to update new email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **`edit`**`1 e/hr@internship.sg`: Edits the 1st application shown in the current list with new email address.
```

</div>

> ### Viewing help: `help`

Reviewer: Same suggestion as above

Examples:
* `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd internship application in the list.

### Finding an internship application: `find`

Finds applications whose companies or positions contain any of the given keywords.

Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g `google` will match `Google`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Tech Micron` will match `Micron Tech`
* Only the company and position is searched.
* Only full words will be matched e.g. `ByteDance` will not match `ByteDances`
* Applications matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search). e.g. `Google Shopee` will return `Shopee HQ`, `Google Singapore`

Examples:
* `find Software` returns `Google` and `Wise` application whose position contain software keyword.

> ![FindExample](images/FindExample.png)

Reviewer: Perhaps the image can be updated to one containing the new displayed Date format?

### Editing an internship application: `edit`
Edits an existing application in the CinternS.

Format: `edit INDEX [n/COMPANY] [ct/CONTACT] [e/EMAIL] [p/POSITION] [d/DATE]`

* Edits the application at the specified `INDEX`. 
* The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed application list. 
* The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.

Examples:

`edit 1 ct/91234567 e/grab@example.com` edits the contact and email of the 1st application to be 91234567 and grab@example.com respectively.
`edit 2 c/Garena` edits the company of the 2nd application to be Garena.

### Clearing all entries: `clear`
Clears all entries from CinternS.

Format: `clear`

### Exiting the program: `exit`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
